The 9,000 children who starved to death today.
Real cheese flavor.
A dwarf who won't leave you alone untile you compare penis sizes.
Courageously going ahead with that racist comment.
Sperm whales.
Whipping it out.
Some god damn peace and quiet.
A bigger, blacker dick.
Becoming a blueberry.
A ghoul.
Object permanence.
The Make-A-Wish Foundation.
A squadron of moles wearing aviator goggles.
A box that is conscious and wishes it weren't a box.
Geese.
The mere concept of Applebee's.
Hot Pockets.
Being a motherfucking box.
Getting married, having a few kids, buying some stuff, retiring to Florida, and dying.
Skeletor.
Being a busy adult with many important things to do.
Going vegetarian and feeling so great all the time.
Getting teabagged by a 5th grader in Call of Duty.
A box of biscuits, a box of mixed biscuits, and a biscuit mixer.
Clamping down on a gazelle's jugular and tasting its warm life waters.
A sad fat dragon with no friends.
Pandora's vagina.
Accidentally conjuring a legless horse that can't stop ejaculating.
Inappropriate yodeling.
Seperate drinking fountains for dark elves.
The shambling corpse of Larry King.
Father's forbidden chocolates.
A falcon with a cap on its head.
Photosynthesis.
Sucking the President's dick.
Getting so angry that you pop a boner.
The Jews.
Something that looks like a box but turns out to be a crate.
The ooze.
Cheating in the Special Olympics.
Swooping.
Stabbing the shit out of a Capri Sun.
The rhythms of Africa.
A tiny horse.
Having a strong opinion about Obamacare.
8 oz. of sweet Mexican black-tar heroin.
God.
A defective condom.
Poorly-timed Holocaust jokes.
Man meat.
Charging up all the way.
A rival dojo.
Getting hilariously gang-banged by the Blue Man Group.
Slapping Ted Cruz over and over.
Soup that is too hot.
Space Jam on VHS.
Angels interfering in an otherwise fair baseball game.
The hot dog I put in my vagina ten days ago.
Shitting in a wizard's spell book and jizzing in his hat.
The Great Lizard Uprising of 2352.
Caribbean Jesus.
BINGO night at the Church of Satan.
A lab rat that spends its day clicking a lever for bumps of cocaine.
69ing a 96 year old.
A gay.
Gluten.
Nathan Benson.
Your Mom.
Unvaccinated kids who end up with Autism anyway.
JFK finally getting it through his head that he wasn't wanted in Dallas.
Using a baby to do your Shakeweight exercise.
A guy named Guy.
The collective wail of every Magic player suddenly realizing that they've spent hundreds of dollars on pieces of cardboard.
Sacrificing Isaac to the Lord.
A little bit of schmutz right there.
An evil man in evil clothes.
Liking big butts and not being able to lie about it.
Children on leashes.
A cloud of ash that darkens the Earth for a thousand years.
A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.
Not giving a shit about the third world.